README.md, before:

# What Came First

![What Came First website, displayed on a variety of devices](assets/images/pyramid.jpg)

To view the deployed site, click this link: [What Came First](WEBSITE-LINK)

## Table of Contents

* [1. Introduction](#Introduction)
* [2. User Design Experience (UX)](#User-Design-Experience)
* [3. Features](#Features)
* [4. Technologies Applied](#Technologies-applied)
* [5. Testing](#Testing)
* [6. Deployment](#Deployment)
* [7. Credits](#Credits)

## 1. Introduction

### Introduction & Premise 

A quiz is classed a game or even a sport for the mind. People either individually or in a team try to answer questions correctly on an array of topics. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quiz)

### Goals 

- New Vistitors to the site: 

For new visitors, I have the following goals depending on different factors. 
If the visitors already has a good sense of general knowledge then I want this to be a fun experience for them as a quiz game.
If the visitor does not know much about history, then I want the user to have learnt and gained knowledge after completing the quiz. 
As the user is a new visitor, I want them to find the website easy to navigate. I want them to find the rules easy to understand. In addition, I would like them to find the website visually clear to read and appealing design wise. 

- Regular Visitors to the site: 

For regular visitors, I want them to keep coming back. Therefore as time transpires, I will look to add more questions and quizes to the website. 

- All visitors:

I want all visitors to have had a fun and interactive experience whilst completing the quiz. 
I want them to find the site easy to navigate.

## 2. User Design Experience (UX)

### Conceptualisation

### Wireframes

- Figma

### Colour Scheme

### Typography

- Google Fonts

### Imagery

- Pexels & Shutterstock

### Accessibility

## 3. Features

### Existing Features

### Future Features

## 4. Technologies Applied

## 5. Testing

### W3C Validator

### Lighthouse

### Bugs

## 6. Deployment

## 7. Credits

Links Used:
- https://imagecolorpicker.com/
- https://fontawesome.com/
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/greek" title="greek icons">temple icon created by Smashicons - Flaticon</a>
- Brian Design https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4fB9Xg2JEY

Commit message:

describe colour scheme on readMe

README.md, after:

# What Came First

![What Came First website, displayed on a variety of devices](assets/images/pyramid.jpg)

To view the deployed site, click this link: [What Came First](WEBSITE-LINK)

## Table of Contents

* [1. Introduction](#Introduction)
* [2. User Design Experience (UX)](#User-Design-Experience)
* [3. Features](#Features)
* [4. Technologies Applied](#Technologies-applied)
* [5. Testing](#Testing)
* [6. Deployment](#Deployment)
* [7. Credits](#Credits)

## 1. Introduction

### Introduction & Premise 

A quiz is classed a game or even a sport for the mind. People either individually or in a team try to answer questions correctly on an array of topics. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quiz)

### Goals 

- New Vistitors to the site: 

For new visitors, I have the following goals depending on different factors. 
If the visitors already has a good sense of general knowledge then I want this to be a fun experience for them as a quiz game.
If the visitor does not know much about history, then I want the user to have learnt and gained knowledge after completing the quiz. 
As the user is a new visitor, I want them to find the website easy to navigate. I want them to find the rules easy to understand. In addition, I would like them to find the website visually clear to read and appealing design wise. 

- Regular Visitors to the site: 

For regular visitors, I want them to keep coming back. Therefore as time transpires, I will look to add more questions and quizes to the website. 

- All visitors:

I want all visitors to have had a fun and interactive experience whilst completing the quiz. 
I want them to find the site easy to navigate.

## 2. User Design Experience (UX)

### Conceptualisation

### Wireframes

- Figma

### Colour Scheme

The colour scheme I wanted to have neutral elements such as black and white partnered with bright colours for 'correct' and ;incorrect' answers. In addition to this, a bright blue to be neutral between the red and green when trying to select an option. The blue also nicely connects on theme with the historic illustration of the Egyptain Pyramids in the background.

### Typography

Google Fonts: 

- Header = 'Dancing Script', cursive
- Main body font = 'Josefin Sans', sans-serif

### Imagery

- Pexels & Shutterstock

### Accessibility

## 3. Features

### Existing Features

- Header Title 
Header title always leads you back to the home page

- Temple Icon - Top Left
The Temple icon appears as a logo and also a drop down menu. 

- 

### Future Features

## 4. Technologies Applied

HTML 
CSS
Javascript
FontAwesome
GoogleIcons
GoogleFonts

## 5. Testing

### W3C Validator

### Lighthouse

### Bugs

## 6. Deployment

## 7. Credits

Links Used:
- https://fontawesome.com/
- google icons - favicon
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/greek" title="greek icons">temple icon created by Smashicons - Flaticon</a>
- Brian Design https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4fB9Xg2JEY
- Coding Nepal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUBhpSRS_fk
